Comic strips are extremely popular in Britain nowadays, with a recent survey showing that 84% of newspaper readers go straight to the comics pages. However, according to the same survey, only 10% know the names of the artists who create them. Now the National Journalists Association (NJA) has decided to focus public attention on these talented individuals by awarding five annual prizes for Outstanding Comic Strip Artist. "This is real recognition of all the effort we put in," said Richard Harris, one of the prize winners. The job is great fun, he explained, but that's not the whole story. Hard work, as well as inspiration and talent, are required to come up with a steady stream of new ideas. Competition is fierce, and those who do find employment must deal with the pressure of crazy deadlines. Nevertheless, he added, thousands of creative young people just out of art school are eager to enter the field. Laura Miller, another prize winner, is unusual in that she only came to the profession at the age of 32. "I've had a passion for comics since childhood," said Ms Miller, "but never imagined one could make a living drawing them." So she took what she called "the conventional route for artistic youngsters" – university studies, and then a job in publishing. One day she came across an ad for a course that trained people for a career in comics, and jumped at the opportunity. Soon afterwards, she was working for three newspapers. Now, 15 years later, she is still glad she made the switch: "Where else would I get paid for my wildest ideas?" All the prize winners stressed how much they appreciated the chance to meet with their fellow artists at the award ceremony. "It's such a solitary occupation," said Ms Miller. "Most of us are self-employed, and regularly spend 14-hour workdays alone at home. So it's wonderful to get together with other people in the profession." Almost as wonderful as seeing one's comic strips in print every week – which is certainly reward enough in abroad to itself.